## 111.21.00

- Fixed a bug in `ocaml_embed_compiler` on 32-bit machines.

    `ocaml_embed_compiler` tries to read the full contents of the file as
    a string, but the string might be too big on 32bits:

    https://github.com/ocaml/opam-repository/pull/2062#issuecomment-43045491

## 111.11.00

- Added a tag to exceptions coming from the toplevel execution of
  plugins so that we do not confuse them with exceptions coming from
  the library.

  Also, added a function to check a plugin without executing it.  And
  captured the common pattern of checking the compilation of a plugin
  in a `Command.t` offered in the library.

## 111.08.00

- Use `ocamldep` to generate the dependencies of an `.ml` file, if
  requested.

    Added a function to find the dependencies of a module, but did not
    change the existing behavior and interface of the library if one
    does not choose to use this functionality.

## 110.01.00

- Added `cmi`'s so that plugins can use `lazy`, recursive modules, and
  objects.

## 109.53.00

Bump version number

## 109.45.00

- Made executables link without error even if no archive is embedded
  in them.

  This is often the desired behavior (for inline tests of libraries
  using transitively ocaml-plugin for instance).

## 109.41.00

- Added option `-strict-sequence`, which is set to `true` by default.

## 109.35.00

- Changed the execution of plugin's toplevel to run in async instead
  of `In_thread.run`, unless a config parameter says otherwise.

## 109.32.00

- Fixed the slow and memory-consuming compilation of > 100MB `.c` files generated by `ocaml_embed_compiler`.

  This was done by having them contain one big string instead of one big
  array.

- Added more unused-value warnings in plugins.

  If { `Ui` , `M` } are the modules that constitute a given plugin of
  expected module type `S`, then previously we generated a file like:

  ```ocaml
  module Ui : sig
    ...
  end = struct
    ...
  end

  module M : sig
    ...
  end = struct
    ...
  end

  let () = ##register (M : S)
  ```

  Doing that, we did not get unused variables:

  1. for the toplevel of `Ui` if `Ui` does not have a `mli`.
  2. for unused values of `Ui` and `M` if they have an `mli` exporting them.

  OCaml plugin now allows one to get these warnings.  Since (2) is
  rather annoying for utils kind of file, this comes only if a config
  flag is enabled.

## 109.31.00

- Fixed OCaml Plugin on CentOS 5 -- it had problems because the generated c files did not end with a newline.
- Finished the transition from `Command_deprecated` to `Command`.

## 109.30.00

- Support for Mac OSX

  Removed the dependency of `ocaml-plugin` on `objcopy` and `/proc`.

## 109.20.00

- Removed a test that (rarely) failed nondeterministically.

